Create notebook with BigQuery examples (#48)
DataBiosphere/terra-axon-examples: first_hour_on_vwb/README.md

## Getting started

> - Run the [working_with_data.ipynb](https://github.com/DataBiosphere/terra-axon-examples/blob/main/first_hour_on_vwb/working_with_data.ipynb) notebook to learn about various options for interacting with BigQuery data from a [data collection](https://support.workbench.verily.com/docs/how_to_guides/work_with_data/#add-a-data-collection) in your workspace.

Reviewer: My take is less of working with "data collection" and more accurately working with "referenced data"
```suggestion
- Run the [working_with_data.ipynb](https://github.com/DataBiosphere/terra-axon-examples/blob/main/first_hour_on_vwb/working_with_data.ipynb) notebook to learn about various options for interacting with BigQuery data from [referenced resources](https://support.workbench.verily.com/docs/how_to_guides/work_with_data/#add-a-data-reference) in your workspace.
```

Author: fixed!
